v2.8.0 Minor version update, typeahead references in README (#255)
UniversityofWarwick/id7: README.md

- **2.6.0**:
  - Internet Explorer 11 is no longer fully supported
  - Headroom.js was updated to 0.10.3 which no longer supports IE11 without a polyfill for `Object.assign`. To enable this in IE11, include an `Object.assign` polyfill and then add `data-fixed-header="true" data-fixed-nav="true"` to the `.id7-navigation` element.  
- **2.8.0**:

>   - Bootstrap typeahead now adds aria- attributes to parent elements. Some implementations may need a wrapper element.

Reviewer: Bit too vague to actually take action on, also not true - _all_ of them need a wrapper element, it's just whether you've got one already.

```suggestion
  - Bootstrap typeahead now adds aria- attributes to parent elements. If you use typeahead directly, ensure your input field is inside a reasonable container element (a Bootstrap column or `.form-group` is fine)
```
